So, to summarize the Visibility part.
So, what we write in
a module in a package,
if it's camelCase, camelCase,
it starts with lowercase.
So lower case c, it means it's
private to the package for example.
If it's TitleCase,
it's public and exported, right?
So, variables and lambda functions,
lambda functions, what's that?
Gimmie a sec.
They can be module scoped,
function scoped, or block scoped.
Something that we already mentioned.
So, lambda functions are just functions.
Sometimes we name the functions as we
did so far, such as the main functions,
and also we have a way to treat
functions as a special kind of variable.
So maybe we can create a function that
has no name, but we can attach a link
to the function that's a variable,
that's kind of a function anyway.
So for example, here, notExported,
it's private to the package.
It can only be used in the package.
Remember, that means it can be used
from other go files in the same package,
but not from other packages.
And if it's TitleCase, it's public and
exported to other packages.
That's the only thing
you need to remember.
Simple, right?